Welcome to the Mycelium Network podcast. The podcast all about early stage record developers and the mentors and teachers that helped him along the way. Today, we are going to have a chat with Rico Smit. Here are some of the people that joined my Mycelium Network very early on and has been pretty active on the community. So I thought it only appropriate to have him as one of the first guests. Hey, Rico, welcome to the podcast. Thanks for having me. It's a pleasure. So I've seen some of these questions to you before I just say you can be a little bit more prepared, but we'll off the cuff some things here and there. No pressure is just informal chat to just learn what works what doesn't work. What's the challenges you're facing and how the mentors that I speak with can potentially help. help. So to get us off to a start, tell us a bit about your background. What did you do up to now and what made you look into getting into software or web development specifically? Well, since I was born, Razia in Bratoria, Michael has been very heavy into technology. So ever since I lived, I was a little, I remember standing by him, seeing what he's doing, and letting me treat me from a young age. And then throughout high school, I had the opportunity to take acting and actually discover the love for coding and I had a chance to get all of the fundamentals down. But as soon as that all ended, I had to basically walk out into a job. I worked in retail for a hardware It's, I did what I had to survive, but it's not what I wanted to always had this feeling like I want to do something else. The first course I had with you, actually, I actually realized how much I love web development above stuff like app development or server working or security stuff like that. I actually realized I really love working with web, creating pages, designing new things. I just fall in love with it. That's great. So yeah, I'm looking to study now. At the end of the day, I would like to be a full stack developer, being able to do everything in anything Yari is necessary. So it's good to... I think it's good to have that as a goal, but what I do find is that they talk about being t-shaped in terms of your skills. So you have a broad knowledge base, But then you have something that you like focus it. Like for myself personally, I do know about back in development and I've done stuff and I keep doing stuff in that region like Python a little bit and even databases told like the old relational kind of stuff. I say old but people's definitely still use traditional databases today. But I definitely have the T of my T shape is definitely focused on friendly development and like as they say front of the front. So I like the design aspects and I like the CSS and making things look good and work well and performance accessibility. Those things already important to me. So I think it's good to have that broader perspective of what happens in the industry, but it's always nice to have something that that's more your focus area. Be really go deep as they say that. So you have this breadth and then you have depth in a certain area. But that's great. Yeah, I know for myself also I also got into web development from a music background. And for me, the nice thing about web in the early days when Flash and that was still around was that it had this thing where I could like take the musical aspect and the design aspect and like take a little bit of programming and like mix them all in because we used to make these flash intros which are like little movies that used to play before you'd actually going to the website. We've got a little movie with like text and animation and whatnot and then it would say click to enter. It had used to be a huge thing back in the day. So, you know, I understand like starting something and then being bitten by this web thing and really digging into it. So, is there something you wanted to expand though? I must say I'm more interested in the front-end side of things. It feels like I would like to know the back end port to make things simpler if you do get stuck. But I must definitely say more interested in front end development. I'm done to really find PHP interesting. I hate this y'all. We had to do some in high school. I absolutely hate it. Yeah. Yeah. No, it's a journey. It is. Push up. So now we know you about your background and how you came to where you are and what you're looking to do for your future. Like you mentioned, one of the main things you need to do is learn. So as you're learning, which resources of you like really come to the PENDLE? - I've got three, actually four now. I really like the input I should get from you. If we get together, I have a chat about things that's going on in places to find things to help the development further. VSCode has gotten very essential for me. It is, I try it, sublime text. It is a very very bone and feels like amazing if you have a laptop and juggling around. And you have a moment of could open up and edit something. It's also very very, it's a lot smaller than VS Code. So it's easy for me to carry around on a flash drive. - Like that, yeah. - So having Git actually is amazing, just using GitHub in general, because where I am I would be able to download my current project. I'd be able to open it and sublime and work on it. But when I'm home, I prefer to use get up to download my updates and everything and then work through the VS code. And funny enough, YouTube is very essential to me. I struggle to certain read through a document of pages and pages I just can't. So for me, I like YouTube. Someone telling you do this, this and this and then they type it out. So you can actually pause and go into it yourself and then rinse it and so you get the hang of whatever you're doing. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, now I agree. There's definitely different modalities that work better for some people. That is why with the 150 days of HTML thingy that I'm putting together, I have incorporated video into the pages now so that if you're more of a video person, you can like listen to me talk through the content, but you have the content just below you as a reference. I think that that for me is something that I have understood more and more is giving people different ways to consume the same content because not everybody learns the same way. Is there anybody specifically on YouTube that you want to like give a shout out to that you find is particularly good? Now you're asking me a question half. I do know his name, much good, so you want to tree that. If I remember correctly, it's mush and he has a lot of coding tutorials online. His entire teaching style, the way he talks, explains all of the little graphs and things he uses is amazing. I just really like learning this from this guy, particular. Let's try to just get his name right now. If I remember correctly, it's mush. Time somebody I think you've mentioned in to me as well. The one big problem actually running into as a new developers finding the information I meet. Yeah, yeah. So more often than not, I'd find myself asking what's next. I don't know what to learn from here on out. Unfortunately, I do rely on free resources at the moment because not currently is running from paycheck to paycheck. So I simply do not have the means to pay for courses quite yet, especially the online stuff gets really expensive really quickly. Yes, that's true. There we go. I found his name, Marsh Hanna Dany. All right, cool. We should link them up in the, send me the link afterwards and I'll put it in the, in the show notes. And I'll probably reach out to him and see if I can do anything with him on the podcast. Yeah, now all of those things are very true. And I think what's got to know is something that's starting to get a little more traction is the idea of purchasing power parity pricing. It's always hard to say with the idea. The idea being that depending on where you live, they will geofence the content, but you will pay a smaller and lower amount based on where you live. Somebody that's really great with this is something like Kenzie Dodds. He's got all those courses about React and testing and all that kind of stuff. And if I living in South Africa, purchase is one of these courses, I get a 60% discount immediately just because of but it's just very deep pricing. So I think that's something that the industry as a whole should consider more widely is then they can make it because I understand what people lost money for course. They take up a lot of work and if you want to do it well, it's especially a lot of work. And for some people this is how they make a living. But it is tough when you come from a a third-world country, or you're just starting out and you're still finding your feet and you don't have a bunch of money to invest yet, it is hard. And these all kinds of other interesting things developing around that idea as well, with some academies and stuff in the United States exploring it up from my paying for your courses. But that is evidently, I think the thing that I get from you is that one big thing that's missing is a roadmap that you can look at, which points you at specific learning material based on where you are along your path. And also which path you're on, are you on a back-end path or you're on a full stack path or you're more in a front-end path because you'll have different milestones and different learning material needs there. So I think that is something that we should look into. See if there are some resources to help there. Yeah, no, definitely because being in the front end developer, I've been working, learning, and then I reach a point, and just look at everything online, what now? Do I just invest my time into CSAs? Do I just continue HTML? Java, what next? What do I need to do? What do I need to find? So I end up spending two to three hours searching for stuff to learn, running out of steam, learning for an hour or two, and then continuing with my day. rather than having to go somewhere and spend those hours more, an hour finding, this and this and this is what I need, and then two to three hours of learning whatever needs to come next. Yeah, yeah. I think, I think communities such as the Mycelium Network can also help there, especially if we can get some more mentors to join our Discord server, and then where we're talking about the idea of having some meetups virtually and in person where it's possible. I think that'll help because there you can pose these kind of questions and talk with other people and often, more often than not, somebody else's being where you are and they can say, "Oh, I actually found this thing and it can kind of help you on your way." So I think investing in community and joining it in on these communities and being active, I think, is one of the ways that we can start solving this roadmap problem. But we We have to get people from then on learning and people who are teaching in the same place. A nice mixture of two. So you don't have too many mentors in two little. So yeah, definitely. And it's quite a shy guy. It's almost very difficult for me to enter the community. Yes. I don't know why I've always had this thing about online communities, even during my usually hours and I have gaming and stuff. I would not communicate with people in the server. I just find it strange, you can say. So that was quite different for me. But what I found is you just jump in, find one thing you like, just drop a comment and see what happens. Yes, after that first comment, you find it's actually not that intimidating or scary. You can just go. Yeah, that's very true. And a lot of that comes down to also the people running the community, right? If you're focused and you start off with good community guidelines and you clearly enforce them, it helps a lot because there are, you know, bundles out there that just want to come and you know, sour the pot. But as long as there's people that have their finger on the pulse and can quickly pick that up and make sure that those people aren't either kicked or We're at the moment in a way that they understand that that kind of behavior is not welcome and their continued participation is going to hinge very heavily on them changing their attitude. I think that is important and it's something that unfortunately has been a little rough on the internet, but mildly. Places got very toxic very quickly and for me and you it might be a little bit easier than for some agendas and people of different races and ethnicities. For them, it's even harder to really feel comfortable in these groups. So, you know, big challenges that we have, but as long as we acknowledge them, then at least we're in the right direction. I think you've mentioned a lot of, you've touched on a lot of the stuff from this, the next question I had in mind, but I'm going to pose it anyway just in case there's anything else. So having talked about all of these resources and stuff. So clearly there's a bunch of things that don't work, but there are things that work. But if there's anything else that you feel on that doesn't work to the great side that you want to highlight. The work they're not works so great is a bit difficult. That's not works so great. The only thing I'm personally really stuck on is feeling lost. You just draw that falls into an ocean, you're just going to dole swim. You don't know where you're going. You don't know which way you go. No fish should swim down or up or what's going on. That's the only thing that's really missing for me. But that said, I do have you as a main source as well. So I don't feel that lost. If I get stuck, you can meet up and just say, I listen, this is going on. Now can we resolve this? Hmm. Yeah, that's really that. That's the important thing to have to nurture. is this all made into a relationship? Because I do think that there's a lot of value there. But I think a lot of people miss. Yeah, that's about to say that's definitely something that's missing is finding someone you can ask a question to, to just ask how do you had a hitting an HTML? And not him having a law at you and just saying, "Oh, okay, let's help you." This is how we do it. This is why we do it. But I did not feel that personally because I did start my journey with you. So I had that from the get go, but I can really see that being missing in a lot of people's startup you can often have same. Yeah, yeah, no, for sure. That's true. I mean, I, I've been there also. And I know that I, I actually searched widely to try and find is there any like networks or mentorship programs or anything like that that you can join. And that there are some now, to be honest, that I should probably mention on, I'll put some of that links is some of them in the show notes. Some stuff like outreach she is really, really great. And I also focus on being very inclusive. So, you know, it's outreach does some amazing work. And there are some other mini-tourship programs as well. But unfortunately, some of the mini-tourship things again comes with a cost, which is understandable. But again, if you're not in a position to be able to pay, it is just another roadblock. You have to face. And even though web development, specifically, that's what I can talk to mostly. I've come a heck of a long way since the day is when I started and a lot of things that used to be super hard are now trippily simple. It's still not easy. There's still a lot of questions that one has. So, you know, the need for that still exists very much. I definitely don't. As for the roadblock of the payments, I have looked into teaching myself, it's in general. So start up courses for all those people or The women, especially in my area, don't really know how computers work. That was a big thing for me. A lot of female older women don't know in the area. So I was looking to make something for them to teach you how computers work. And I completely understand why you charge so much for a course. It's a lot of hard work. It's a lot of information gathering and this and that and we need to remember this. And even once I was ready to start, I still felt like I still have to go through a couple of things and make sure. I can totally understand why, but not having the funds necessarily available to pay, let's say, $60 for advanced courses you know will help you. It's quite a hindrance because now I have to go search, how can I get this information for free? Yeah, no, no, for sure, no, I completely, and the other thing with courses, of course, is that you have to, especially if you're asking money, is you have to keep it up today. It's not something you make and then forget about because the tech industry evolves and moves quite fast. That's the other part. If you want to keep it, if you want it to be useful, you have to keep it up today. That is something as well, because I was following books from Microsoft. I was lucky enough to get access to those books and they fall into that trap. I would learn and learn and learn and learn at some point and I'll hit a roadblock. It's being watched this. It's not working, what's going on and I have to go search for hours and hours and hours just to find out. This phrase is no longer valid. Simply change x to y and it works. Yeah. So that is definitely a bit fool I can see some people falling into not keeping everything up to date. And it is frustratingly to gain for us who is new at learning these things, because now we, you would know this or no way to look for it, and it is paying two or three hours to find out why they're not working. What's going on? What's this era? Yeah, for sure. But seeing off the thing where you said you were looking at creating some courses to teach people other skills that you already have, I think in general that is a good idea and that something think that a lot of people knew to development. This doesn't matter what industry it is, are a little bit scared of, but that I would personally encourage is to write about the stuff that you learn because teaching is one of the best ways of learning. So if you've if you've bolded something, anything, like write about what, write about how you made it, doesn't necessarily have to tell a story per se about the struggles you had. It can not So to just be you writing down how to make a responsive year with HTML and CSS, because by doing that, you are thinking through the process of having done that. Oftentimes you find ways that you can do it even better than what you've already done it. So you automatically improve your existing code base. And at the other day, you have a piece of writing that can also be useful for whether you start a business or whether you're looking for employment. You have something to point people to you to say, "Not only do I make this thing, but I wrote about our, "I did it because there's not a lot of people "that can do both of those things." A lot of people are really good at writing the software, but they're not so great at teaching it. And what often they're not, it's not that they don't have the skills, they just never exercise that skill. So as they exercise their coding skill, they don't exercise writing about their coding. And so that kind of never develops. So you have this amazing software engineer, but if you try to explain something to you, It's like food right over your head because they'd never go back and think about how did I what did I do before I knew how to do this How did I get to that point? What was the things that I what were things I did wrong and how do I find a better way and stuff like that? So I think while you're learning writing about the stuff that you make is incredibly important. You just gave me a great idea to maybe branch off of my existing URL to start something to score RWA is just journey. Just a place we can write. I made a navigation board today. By using this, this and this. I hit this roadblock, but I found this information there. So if someone does read it, they can say, "That's my problem." So I can just go look over there to to go fix it. Yeah. Because something I hit a hard roadblock with is including Jason into my project. So everyone is just like, no, just added, just install it, just do it. Yeah, how, how do I do this? And off like two or three hours, I was like, Oh, I just make a text file change name and paste the stuff in and include it into my job and bam, bod y'all. Yeah. Just that little bit of knowledge I good and fine for about two to three hours because everyone just explains how to use it, not how to implement it. Gotcha. Gotcha. And it's literally because people just don't think that far back anymore. For them using JSON is just a thing you do. Like it's just text. What are you talking about? But it's like no, but if you don't know what JSON is and how it fits into the larger framework of building a, let's take for example the one tool that I'd build, developer toolchist. All that is in the end of the day is a website that loads some JSON that has a specific structure and loops through them. And for each entry, it makes little block based on the search filter that you typed in. But if you don't know how JSON fits into that whole thing, it can be like, wait, is, what is this JSON now? Is it a database? It's like kind of. Yeah. Not really. So, you know, it's it's understanding that no, Jason is just a flight text file that has certain limitations placed upon it. And Jason in the end is data. So this is like the data part of your project. You describe data inside your Jason document. And then you can consume it as if it's like a database kind of just a very, very loose database like, I don't know if you've ever looked up. SQL Lite. But if you if you haven't doesn't manage just maybe after the podcast just have a search for SQL Lite and SQL Lite is essentially just a flight Dix file on your hard drives that it acts as a database. But you can query the data as if it's SQL that's why SQL Lite and like it's in everything it's in everything like your mobile phone you're everything it's everywhere see why it is like everywhere. Okay, I already opened a tab of the FF after we've done, so that's one of those great reads. And that also reminded me that's something I see a lot of mentors for, I want to say for short, but I don't know if that's the right word. That's why I like following much. He says, "You're using H1 tag to edit title, and a lot of people just move on. But for me personally, I want to know why. What does it do? How does it work? And what he does is he pulls up the graph and tells you, "H1 does this. It has a title. It does this. This is how you use it. This is how you can use it." So that is something I've been struggling with as well. Because I've been following someone doing a text adventure game. Because that was interesting to me. This guy would just type, "No, use this. This is this. Enter." And go to the next screen, like, "Way, why? Why did you do this? How does this work? You didn't explain to me anything. You just wrote code on a little pad and moved on. So he didn't actually teach me anything. You just showed me what he can do. Yeah, yeah. And I guess there's a place for that. But I think more often than not, you find that a lot on Twitch. Like a lot of people on Twitch would stream them working. And the idea is not to... You might pick up some stuff by watching, but that's not their intent. and intent is just like, I'm doing some stuff and maybe I want to be held accountable and therefore I will stream every day between five and seven and I'll work on this specific project. It's more a way of keeping themselves accountable and if somebody learns something out of it, then great, but that's not the intent. But yeah, that's all good stuff. So I'm wondering, so looking towards the future, then we're going to, I'm going to, it was two separate questions, but I think we're going to throw it into one question. - Okay. - So, you can do one or two things. Like you can learn and learn and eventually apply for a job and work for somebody else. Or you can do the other thing which is create your own opportunity by starting your own business. Whether that is building a product or starting an agency where you create websites and design for other people. But I think in both of those areas, it doesn't really matter which one you choose. This idea of an interview as part of both. The difference being, and the one at your interview for a specific position or the specific company, the other one you're being interviewed by a client wants to know that if I give you money, I'll get a website and return. So therefore I need to, you know, I'm just not blindly going to give you money. I want to speak to you a little bit. and it's also a kind of an need to do. So my question is, which one of the two is of most interest to you, like starting a business or working for somebody? And based on that, what is the things about these interviews that perhaps scare you a little bit? - Okay, personally, I'd like to start my own business. I walked out of high school into my permanent job, working for about three years as a retail salesperson. And after that, I got the opportunity for better hours more pay doing school furrows. So I've been working there for three years now as well. So I've been basically working since I got out of high school. And I've reached a point where I had enough of making someone else rich. I've got a lot of knowledge. I've got a lot of experience with a lot of things. I do feel like I've won a store-throwing thing. and I want to get away from working for someone else. On a start on our own business, I'm starting my own thing, which I already have started. I'm still looking for clients now. I've got one-line bending. We still need to do this interview you're talking about. Yeah. By having about three years with a sales experience, the interviews are fun, but I look forward to it and it's exciting. It's... I can definitely see the scary bits of it, having to explain to someone why to use you. But what I always find in sales is, if you use the term "fakety" make it, you can sell a bin to a bin factory. If you stand near the smile and they ask you, "Can you do back end developments and do this whole database thing?" And tell them, "Yeah, sure. "I do have to do some research. "I do need to refresh an app on a couple of things, "but let's talk, let's see what you can do." and I'll tell you yes or no, I cannot, I cannot assist you. Then the clients, most of them are more likely to use you if you're honest about things like that. 'Cause they don't feel you're trying to scan them out of money, they do feel like, okay, yeah, I do know what I'm doing. I just need to sharpen up. So then already feel like, oh, okay. So you're not just someone looking for a quick buck, you're actually interested in the work. - Yeah, honesty goes a long way in business, that's true. And I mean, I say that knowing full well that the business industry can be a bit of a cutthroat industry as well. But I think you have to have morals for yourself and for your business. And like me personally, for me as well, I have very fine lines of the type of client I'd be willing to work with. And once I wouldn't be willing to work with it. And I think there I'd shield myself a little bit from this cutthroat. Like it would all about the money kind of thing. Yeah, I think it's great. I think it's great to be honest and open that. Sure, I can do this. This specific part of the project might be a little bit more challenging, but you know, I have enough experience in how to find answers. That's what I do is I find solutions to problem. The technology is almost kind of the easy part. Finding this mentally finding a solution is lots of times harder than actually writing the code. It's understanding why is the problem that the the client's facing, how do I best solve this? And then what technology do I need to employ and what it is to solve this? Because oftentimes people will come to you with a preconceived idea in their head because they've heard it from a friend, but it might not necessarily be the best solution for them. They might be something better that's come along since they're friend that their thing. Their friend might actually also benefit from your services and because they might I don't know that there's a better way to do this now. They could actually save the money or help them grow their business faster. I'm always excited when I hear people waiting to start their own businesses because if we look at unemployment in the world, they need for jobs as a massive. And it is. For each of us that starts our own little business and start networking with each other, we're creating opportunities for ourselves, but down the line we're creating opportunities for others. And the nice thing about somebody like yourself, for example, sorting a business is you know the pain of having to learn this stuff and having to find a job where people say, oh, how much experience do you have while working experience not yet, but I've done all these and I know, no, no, we're looking for something five years experience. So you'll be more open to listening to somebody and giving them a chance and telling them, you know what can work? I'll pay you a full salary for a month and let's see how it goes. If by the end of the month I can see that you could do the job, what's your uncle and let's just keep going. But if I find that after a month that you can even struggle but if you're willing to learn and you're willing to do what's necessary to get the work done, I'm happy to employ you. I think the more that we can get that that kind of thing going, the better. Yeah, and that's insane. That is something I find very difficult. I've been on a lot of platforms like Upwork and so on looking for jobs. And I find stuff and I look at them like I can do this. I can do everything you need. I have all the requirements. I've got the technology. I've got the background. I've got internet connection. I've got all of this. The only thing I'm lacking is a three years of experience I must have you're looking for. And finding that one person that says, "Hey, listen, this is your opportunity. Just try, let's see what you can do." That's all you need. That's all you need is that one guy that just says, "I'm willing to give you a month's worth of work. Let's see what you're doing. How are you handling this?" On a little bit of a side tangent, the interview just circling back to the interviews. I do have some advice with people. I turn it around. If I have a client comes to me, I'm there. They can just find my wording. I am interviewing them. Like, they need to tell me what they need. I get to tell them what they get to tell me what they are looking for, what they are looking to do. So, they'll come to me sound three pages, I want this time, I want that time, I want this day. And we're like, okay, well, this I can do few. This I can do few. It's very difficult. It takes long. So you are going to be charged more for this. Because instead of just a quick hours with the work, this can take me about three or four hours. But I can do it another way for you. So instead of sitting there and wondering like, I'm being interviewed, I turn it around. I ask them, what are you looking for? What do you want? What do you want out of this website? Because obviously I can say whatever I want. And I might just go off an aside engine for an hour, where it's just speaking about myself and what I did, not answering any questions. Where a fatalic work client, what's your question? What's your next question and answer? And you ask a question and say something like, where does it come? This is not how it works. We can't do it this way. We can do it this way, this way or this way. clients love having options. Yeah, so it's pretty much flipping to view around and you're interviewing them now. Because at the end of the day, you do need to know from them what you need to do. Oh, yes. And having that person just ask you the entire time, what do you want? What are you looking for? Yes, I can do this for you. No, I cannot do this for you. Feels a lot easier than I sell websites. I make websites to go look over the air. I can make an navigation board. I can, then you change it all from me, me to them. And you change the focus point around on them. And I feel very special if I can state it like that. - Yeah, no for sure. No, that's great advice. Yeah, thank you for sharing that. This was really cool. I really enjoyed this. I'm looking forward to seeing where you go and what you do with your business. So before we officially wrap it up, Is there any projects you're currently working on that you like to tell everybody about this can be open source can be site projects as matter client projects that you can talk about. Or any like leads that you'd like people to to know about and of course we'll have them all also in the show notes but if you want to give some specific shout outs then go for it. Not quite at the moment, I do have a client outstanding that it is going everything points on our going to use me to create the website. They do work with aluminium and door frames and they install them for different houses all around our area in Bratoria. So I will love to share that journey, like you said. I would like to make a blog for a journey of how I will create that. But as of now, I still need all the information. So I haven't started yet, but I have started planning. I have started looking at designs and callous skins and stuff like that. The only current project I do have is my own website, which is rwiswebdesign.co.z/a. It is currently live. I have been communicating with our community, improving some stuff, changing grammar, updating some of my graphics. And I do keep it up to date because this will be my private business website from yarn on. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. >> That's great. >> Can you just repeat that URL for us? >> That's rwas. Webdesign.co.z. >> Okay. rwas.co.z. Webdesign.co.z. I get you check it out, folks. So other than that, the site projects I don't really have at the moment, I would like to give a shout out to freecodecamp.org. You actually gave me this side a bit earlier, this recap thing. And it's an amazing platform so far for me to learn. They do start from their very basics, which is a bit annoying. They got about four or five exercises in, and they've already told me something new of the basics. I didn't know. So far, it feels like an amazing tutorial, especially for beginners to start it, because they start some bull easy to understand. They've got documentation, all of that good things. - Yeah, and the great thing about pre-code camp is, well, it's free, but beyond that, it's built by a community of contributors. So one, it's kept up to date, constantly being improved and you yourself, like Dikku, that's learning, you can contribute back to that project, even if it's just a small thing where you may be fine the wording of something as understandable as you'd like to be. It's an open source project. You can fork it open a pull request and propose something that you feel would improve it. So I think it's a really great to be involved with projects like that. And as one of the other ones tonight, I'll give a shout out to you because I'm quite involved with them. That is in the same vein. It's an open source project. All the content is right there. It's community written. There are some people paid to work on it. But it's a massive open source project. So I think being involved in these projects is great. And there's a lot of wonderful people behind these projects that would be happy to receive full requests. So I can like personally send an invitation to everybody listening to both go check out Fiko Camp and MDN Web docs on GitHub and on the web and learn contribute. It's all good. It's all learning experience. So yeah, thanks for sharing that. Yeah. So yeah, no, there is something I would like to go back and actually donate to free camp, free code camp, if not if when my business takes off. When I become a success, I would love to go back and actually donate to them. And that is something I am very appreciative of them. They don't cap their learning based on how you get. You do a orbussy working and pops out like, like, "Hey, listen, would you like to donate?" I just look ashamed, like, "No, not now. Maybe once my first site takes off and I've made my first sale, I'll come back and I'll come donate on here." I've totally done that. I've totally done that with a couple of open source things where it's been just like, I wouldn't be where I am without it. And so now that I am where I am, I totally just go and do a monthly, like set up a monthly donation because I wanted to be around for the next generation and I wanted to keep improving. So yeah, I think that's great that that you're also already preparing yourself for doing that this great stuff. Well, thanks Rico. It was really great. Thanks for being the first guest on the My CDM network podcast. I hope this is going to be one of many many many and we'll do one again once Once your business is huge and you've got like hundreds of employees. That's been great. Thank you for having me. It's been quite an experience. Always nice to sit and speak to someone about these kind of things. Yeah, I've not just sitting in your own mind just thinking about all of this stuff and just feeling stuck. So I would actually recommend it for shy people as well. Get a community, join a community and just start speaking with people. It really lightens the load if you say it like that. Yeah, I'm sure it's been quite a patient. Same for me. Thank you for listening to this episode of The My Scene and Network Podcast. If you're not already, please subscribe, store and leave a link for us in your podcast show of choice. This helps others find us and helps us make a better podcast with you on the space. You can also find the Follow us on Twitter, @NateWorkMyCindia, and join the community beyond the scoring. All the links are available in the show notes. [Music]
